c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\EcoTagDemo.exe
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\EcoTagDemo.pdb
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\EcoTagDemo.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.exe
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.pdb
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.WinRT.UI.winmd
C:\Users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.WinRT.UI.xml
C:\Users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\MicrosoftAdvertising.winmd
C:\Users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\MicrosoftAdvertising.xml
C:\Users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\lcauret\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\EcoTagDemo.exe
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\EcoTagDemo.pdb
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\EcoTagDemo.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.WinRT.UI.winmd
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.WinRT.UI.xml
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\MicrosoftAdvertising.winmd
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\MicrosoftAdvertising.xml
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.exe
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.pdb
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\lcauret\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\EcoTagDemo.xr.xml
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\EcoTagDemo.exe
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\EcoTagDemo.pdb
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\EcoTagDemo.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.WinRT.UI.winmd
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.WinRT.UI.xml
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\MicrosoftAdvertising.winmd
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\MicrosoftAdvertising.xml
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.exe
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.pdb
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\EcoTagDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\deluxe\Desktop\EcoTagDemo\EcoTagDemo\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
